Documentation of the source code of the project & Sources of the resources used.

### Task Details

#### Task 1: Create a new Amplication Plugin

Create a new Amplication Plugin that adds new functionality to the code generated by Amplication.

#### Task 2: Write documentation for the plugin

Write documentation for the plugin in the `sources.md` file.

#### Task 3: Add tests that proves it works as expected

Add tests that proves it works as expected. Try to think of edge cases that require testing.

#### Task 4: Submit the code

Submitted code should include: the plugin you've created, and relevant tests.

### Task Submission

#### Step 1: Fork this repository

Fork this repository by clicking on the fork button on the top of this page.
This will create a copy of this repository in your account.

#### Step 2: Clone the repository

Go to your GitHub account, and open the forked repository. Then, clone the repository to your computer.

#### Step 3: Create a new branch

Create a new branch to work on the project. You can name the branch whatever you like.

#### Step 4: Make changes to the code

Make changes to the code as required to complete the task.

#### Step 5: Commit changes

Commit your changes and write a descriptive commit message.

#### Step 6: Push changes

Push your changes to GitHub.

#### Step 7: Create a Pull Request

Create a Pull Request to merge changes into main branch on or before the assignment deadline.

#### Step 8: Ask for feedback

Use GitHub Discussions to ask any relevant questions regarding the project.

### Resources

[Amplication Docs](https://docs.amplication.com/)
[Amplication Main Repo](https://github.com/amplication/amplication)
[Amplication Plugin Repo](https://github.com/amplication/plugins)
[Amplication Website](https://amplication.com/)

### Eligibility

To participate, you must be:

- A [verified student](https://education.github.com/discount_requests/pack_application) on Global Campus
- 18 years or older
- Active contributor on GitHub (monthly)
